Welcome to this video on how to write a strong college essay.
In this video, we’ll break down the key components of a powerful essay.
We’ll cover structure, storytelling, and authenticity.
First, let’s talk about your introduction.
A great hook can draw in the reader right away.
Try starting with a moment of conflict, humor, or reflection.
Next, the body of your essay should reveal personal growth.
Use specific examples from your life to make your story unique.
Don’t try to impress — focus on being honest and reflective.
The conclusion should tie everything together and show your future direction.
Avoid clichés and summarize your deeper message.
Thanks for watching — we hope this helps you craft your best essay yet!